# Starbucks POS

The finished product (found here: https://msc-starbucks-site.onrender.com/) that our group presented was one that was very high quality as stated in our Product Analysis. Our frontend implementation provides a very intuitive and aesthetic interface for both the manager, employee, and customer side. Specifically, the entirety of the manager side accomplished every report and requirement. The final interface of our product was very well-designed and went above and beyond a barebones shell of a point of service system.  The information contained within the tables using our databases was also thorough and easy to navigate through with our frontend system. With all of this in mind, the current iteration of our product only contains a few areas where improvements could be made: the manager side’s tables and reports could involve some fixes as they can be a little bit hard to read. There are also a couple quality improvements to be made with the way in which the table is displayed, which is currently slightly difficult to leave. The completion of the product allowed our team to develop a deeper understanding of working with not only SQL and databases, but as well as DJango and Javascript to implement the backend and frontend of the product.

The main objective of the point of sale system is to be able to start, order, and complete an order which was done completely and works accurately when completing this ordering process on the product. The manager reports that show the excess report, what sells together report, x report, etc. also look extremely appealing for the managers/owners to easily understand what every report is saying in order to understand what is going correctly, incorrectly, and how to improve their restaurant. The APIs are also very well implemented as our weather, google OAuth, and translate APIs work exactly as a user would expect. This leaves us with essentially no features that we could improve.

A major step for version 2.0 of the project would be to add the option to create a fully functional account registration system so users can get rewarded for coming to the restaurant and track their past orders. This could be very beneficial to the product as it would allow customers to feel rewarded for coming to our restaurant and spending their money rather than just rewarding them with their items. It would also add to the realism of the real world Starbucks experience as they currently have the ability to register for a Starbucks account that tracks all old orders, gives rewards, and can even hold forms of payment to make checking out quick.


[Edit on StackBlitz ⚡️](https://stackblitz.com/edit/react-ts-nawxkj)
